<p><div align=justify><p>
<p>
The five senses are the main impediments to spiritual  development  and  are
arranged in a hostile formation against  it.  As  long  as  the  senses  are
primarily occupied in the pursuit of pleasure and delight in  sense  objects
the realisation of the atma or  soul  will  never  manifest.  Yet  the  mind
although fickle is capable of controlling the senses  but  if  the  mind  is
also inclined to enjoy the senses and is filled with thoughts  of  the  same
then realisation of the atma will also never manifest. But the intellect  is
superior even to the mind as it possesses the discriminative  faculty.  This
means that the mind may  be  tranquil  but  if  the  intellect  is  inclined
towards the channels of sense activities then there will be a perversion  in
oneâs intelligence and no possibility again for realisation of the atma.  To
show the order of gradation is Lord Krishnaâs intention. A question  may  be
posed what if all three being the senses, the mind and  the  intellect  were
tranquil and passive? The unvarying  answer  is  that  kama  or  lust  which
arises from desires, covertly resides deep within the heart  and  is  always
craving for sense gratification. This kama  is  so  powerful  that  it  will
assert its mastery over them all and domineering them will have  them  fully
pursuing  the  objects  of  the  senses  for  sense  gratification  in   the
phenomenal world obscuring the light of knowledge  and  the  realisation  of
the atma. That which is the most powerful with its domain in  the  spiritual
phenomena is the atma and is designated by the pronoun sah.
<p>
<p>
