<p><div align=justify><p>
<p>
<p>
<p>
Agreeable and disagreeable situations occur in accordance to the physical
body one happens to dwell in and the karma or reactions to past life
actions an embodied being is  subjected to which both exemplify the grave
risks of material existence. A person who would seek to scale the heights
of spiritual knowledge should remain equiposed at all times and not feel
elation at receiving something agreeable nor feel dejection at receiving
something disagreeable. How is this possible? It is possible for one who is
sthira-buddhir meaning steadfast intelligence. Such a person plants his
mind and will in the stability of the atma or soul. The word asammudho
means not subject to delusion. If one is sammudho they are inflicted with
delusion in the form of confusing the stable eternal atma with the unstable
temporary body. How can one escape this delusion? If a person is brahma-
vid or a knower of the spiritual substratum pervading all existence from
instruction and brahmani sthitah or perceiving and experiencing the
spiritual substratum pervading all existence every moment. The meaning Lord
Krishna is conveying is that those who receive instructions from the
bonafide spiritual preceptor in one of the four authorised sampradayas or
line of disciplic succession shall learn the exact nature and means of
attainment of the eternal atma. This is brahma-vid. Such a one through
diligent and sincere application of this spiritual knowledge always
remembering and honouring the spiritual preceptor who mercifully gave such
knowledge. In due course of time one will achieve atma tattva or
realisation of the soul and in such an elevated position one will
blissfully commune internally with the eternal atma and the eternal
spiritual preceptor as well and from thenceforth nothing in the external
world will ever again be perceived as being agreeable or being
disagreeable.
<p>
<p>
