<p><div align=justify><p>
<p>
<p>
<p>
The rewards which the unintelligent seek who worship the lesser demigods
such as Indra the celestial chief or Surya the sun god are trivial and
temporary. It might be asked why? It is because the votaries of those
demigods end up at the planets where such demigods reside. The celestial
realm of Indra is certainly opulent with all facility to experience
heavenly delights and such a votary upon arriving is able to enjoy to their
hearts content; but when Indra and the other demigods span of life has
ended, they too must transmigrate and be reborn again falling back down
into the material existence and of course this applies to all their
votaries as well.
<p>
As for the devotees of the Supreme Lord Krishna they all perform the same
activities as votaries do to the demigods such as worship, offering hymns
of praise, celebrating appearance festivals  etc. But the distinct
difference is that the devotees of Lord Krishna perform these activities
solely for His pleasure without ever thinking of seeking any reward or
benefit for what they do for Him. Happily offering all results and rewards
to the Supreme Lord they have nothing but Him to be attached too, thus they
attain Him in His spiritual abode, which is eternal and from where there is
no return to transmigration and rebirth.
<p>
In the next verse Lord Krishna will explain that the ignorant disregard His
authorised avatars or incarnations as verified in the Vedic scriptures
which descend from the spiritual worlds into the material worlds for the
express purpose that all beings may have easy and regular access to Him in
every age.
<p>
