<p><div align=justify><p>
<p>
<p>
<p>
By word sarge meaning at the onset of universal creation Lord Krishna is
indicating that at the very start of incarnate existence all creatures are
inveigled into the net of various dualities such as joy and grief, heat and
cold, honour and dishonour which are generated by the desire for what is
agreeable and the aversion to what is disagreeable. The purport is that
whatever one has experienced in their myriad of past existences which
includes all the loving exchanges and all the hateful exchanges are all
transmitted into succeeding lives as tendencies and predilections at the
time of the next birth. These same loving and hating influences arise and
develop in the same manner as they were enacted in a previous life and
ensnares an embodied being to follow the pattern. The embodied beings that
are caught under the sway of this enchantment appear to be constituted of
these very natures and feel foreign to the spiritual feeling and tendencies
associated with the Supreme Lord such as the happiness experienced in
closeness with Him and the misery experienced in separation from Him. But
the nature of the enlightened one's possessing spiritual wisdom is that
they experience bliss only when in association with the Supreme Lord and
feel grief only when bereft in separation from Him. Such an exalted being
possessing this nature is rarely ever born into material existence.
<p>
