<p><div align=justify><p>
As it is impossible to behold the visvarupa or divine universal form
without the blessings of Lord Krishna, by His grace Arjuna was able to see
it and thus was fotunate. This Lord Krishna is affirming this with
statements like na veda yagnadhyayanair meaning not by study of the Vedas
or the performance of Vedic rituals. No living entity in the material
worlds of mortals  can see the visvarupa without Lord Krishna's grace. Even
if one studies and learns the complete Vedas, and even if one perfects and
executes the Vedic rituals such as the Agni Hotra regularly, and even if
one gives in charity to worthy persons such as land, daughters in marriage,
food for the hungry, and even if one performs austere penance such as the
soma vrata or lunar vow which is eating mouthfuls of food, one each day up
to 15 each day and back down again to one a day for one month. All these
activities even though performed perfectly will not qualify one to see His
visvarupa and Lord Krishna uses the particle na meaning not, four separate
times to emphasise the point that without His grace it is impossible to
ever behold His visvarupa. The Katha Upanisad I.II.VII states: The Supreme
Lord is He whom even when hearing about is known not. Also in verse
I.II.XXIII of the Katha Upanisad it states: The atma or soul is not to be
realised by the intellect, nor by learning, nor by instruction. The atma is
to be realised only by one whom the soul itself selects due to possessing
pure bhakti or exclusive loving devotion to the Supreme Lord. To such a
great evolved being does the atma reveals itself.
<p>
