<p><div align=justify><p>
Thus it has been revealed by Lord Krishna that only His devotee who renders
unalloyed bhakti or loving devotion exclusively is qualified to behold Him,
know Him, associate with Him and enter into communion with Him and no
other. The Supreme Lord has explained what actions one must have with mat-
karma-krt or dedicating one's actions to Him. What goal one must have with
mat-paramo or making Him the ultimate attainment and the way one must act
with mat-bhaktah or renders loving devotion to Him. One who studies the
Vedas to learn about the Supreme Lord and propitiate Him for His sake,
depending upon Him only as the sole goal of attainment and not heaven,
wives, wealth, descendants and legacy. One who is truly devoted to Lord
Krishna spends their time chanting His holy names and reading about and
listening to His pastimes with rapt attention and reflecting and
contemplating upon His glories.
<p>
At this point one may interject but what about my family and dependents?
They must be fed and clothed and provided for. This is the duty of a
civilised human in any society. The answer again is mat-karma krt dedicate
one's actions to the Supreme Lord. This means that by performing all
actions for the Supreme Lord they are done without attachment. So other
then His devotees no one is able to be without attachment to actions, which
is essential along with being free from malice and enmity towards any
living entity.
<p>
After explaining all theses things Lord Krishna declares what one will
achieve by performing them with mam eti will come to Him and share
eternally in association and communion with Him and thus He concludes this
chapter.
<p>
