<p><div align=justify><p>
So in review chapter  one  introduced  the  setting  in  which
Arjunaâs grief and lamentation arose as an apparent cause  for
spiritual instructions from the Supreme Lord Krishna. Then  in
order to remove this grief and lamentation in chapter two Lord
Krishna  reveals  the  eternal  nature  of   the   soul,   the
discrimination between body and the soul, karma yoga, the path
of actions without attachment, jnana yoga the  cultivation  of
spiritual knowledge and the restaint  of  the  senses,  taking
refuge of the Lord, equaninity of mind and the  attainment  of
moksa or liberation have all been delineated. Thus the essence
of Srimad Bhagavad-Gita has been presented in chapter two in a
condensed form.  The  remaining  sixteen  chapters  should  be
understood to be an  extension  of  the  topics  discussed  in
chapter two.
<p>
Here in this verse Arjuna  is  thinking  that  he  was  blamed
earlier in chapter two, verse 11 for lamenting for  those  who
should not be grieved for.  He  was  subsequently  tutored  in
jnana yoga, the path of knowledge to alleviate this error. Now
Lord Krishna is presenting a way to allieviate this error from
the point of view of karma yoga, the path of  actions  without
attachment. In chapter two, verse thirty-nine he  is  told  he
has the right to perform actions but not to desire  the  fruit
of action. In chapter two, verse forty-seven  and  forty-eight
he is instructed not to be attached to  inaction  and  perform
duties with equanimity, respectively.  Then  in  chapter  two,
verse fifty-three he is told how  the  mind  becomes  in  this
state. Then from verse fifty-five until the end of the chapter
two Lord Krishna  gives the proofs to show the superiority  of
the cultivation of spiritual  knowledge  which  leads  to  the
ultimate truth in the last verse of this  chapter  where  once
one having attained even at  a  second  before  death  attains
liberation from the material existence. But in spite of  these
instructions Arjuna was still being instructed  to  arise  and
fight. These seemingly contradictory instructions caused  some
confusion in Arjunaâs mind that he was  anxious  to  have  the
omniscient and omnipotent supreme Lord Krishna dispel.
<p>
<p>
