<p><div align=justify><p>
<p>
<p>
From the beginning of this chapter the necessity of performing
actions without desire and attachment  has  been  shown.  That
such actions are essential for the avoidance of bondage in the
cycle of birth and death  as  well  as  being  beneficial  for
maintaining world order has also been illustrated. But how  in
the world is all this possible one might wonder. Lord  Krishna
out of compassion declares that by dedicating  all  prescribed
Vedic activities exclusively to  Him  with  the  consciousness
absorbed in His  localised  manifestation  the  atma  or  soul
within the heart one will realise and experience these  things
without fail. One must think that the eternal atma is  causing
all oneâs actions and that one is not  the  independent  doer.
Therefore dedicate all oneâs actions  to  the  Supreme  Being,
free from desire and attachment  whether  they  are  physical,
mental,  material  or  spiritual  while  renouncing  all   ego
conceptions of I and mine. Then the all-pervading,  omniscient
and omnipotent Supreme Lord will accept your offering and free
you from samsara the endless cycle of  birth  and  death.  The
purport herein is  that  one  should  perform  the  prescribed
activities enjoined in the Vedic scriptures  as  a  matter  of
duty.  The  results  being  purity  of  mind,   freedom   from
attachment and maintenance of world order. Accordingly it  was
Arjunaâs duty to fight  and  this  is  what  Lord  Krishna  is
propounding to him about.
<p>
<p>
