<p><div align=justify>It could be postulated that if the followers of the demigods obtain their
desired enjoyments which are sanctioned by the Supreme Lord to be granted
by the demigods, then they are not amiss and have dutifully fulfilled the
wishes that their votaries prayed for. So what then is the distinction
between the followers of the demigods and the devotees of the Supreme Lord?
To this Lord Krishna states antavat tu phalam meaning the rewards are
perishable, temporary, not lasting for those of meagre intelligence who
worship the demigods. This is because lacking association of those who are
knowledgeable of the ultimate truth they are dull-witted and earnestly seek
temporary rewards for their actions hence they are not graced with the
wisdom to worship the Supreme Lord directly. Those who waste time and
energy ingratiating themselves to demigods like Indra the celestial chief
or Surya the sungod do not realise that these demigods have a span of life
that ends after a period of time also. So if the demigod themselves are
perishable it is clear that whatever material boons they are able to offer
are perishable as well. Whereas the devotees of the Supreme Lord Krishna
even if harbouring some desire will gradually come to Him eternally,
because He is endowed with an infinite nature full of eternity and bliss.
First they will achieve their cherished desire and then becoming free from
it they will attain Him. Thus the difference is that Lord Krishna's
devotees although tainted by selfish motives still eventually attain Him
because they worshipped Him direct and became exempt from returning to
samsara or the endless cycle of birth and death which the followers of the
demigods and lesser others gods are forced to return to againa nd again
without cessation.
<p>
