<p><div align=justify><p>
The question might be posed that if Lord Krishna is the only means for
moksa or liberation from material existence and the best means for ultimate
happiness then why does not everyone abandon the demigods and other lesser
gods and with full faith worship Him alone, who is the Supreme Lord of all
gods and the bountiful bestower of boundless blessings. Lord Krishna is
beyond the perception of the physical mind and senses. The ignorant unaware
of His Supreme, immutable, eternal transcendental nature are not qualified
to percieve the Supreme Lord because they have not been graced by first
approaching and then being accepted by the bonafide spiritual master in one
of the four authorised Vedic lines of disciplic succession known as
sampradayas as revealed in Vedic scriptures. The Supreme Lord Krishna or
any of His Vedically authorised incarnations and expansions manifest
themselves fully endowed with eternal transcendental qualities and
attributes and are always the sole object of adoration from Brahma, Shiva
and all the 33 million demigods. The Supreme Lord manifests Himself out of
extreme affection and compassion for His devotees: but the ignorant unaware
of the possibility for humans to have an actual relationship with Him,
never worship Him wholeheartedly with love and devotion because they
believe He has a human form, never realising He possesses a purely
spiritual body which is immutable and eternal and transcendental to
material existence. But the ignorant simply look at Him as a human being
with exceptional powers  who took birth as a ksatriya prince as the son of
King Vasudeva of the lunar dynasty.
<p>
