<p><div align=justify><p>
In this way human beings are ignorant and kept in the dark about knowledge
of the Supreme Lord. This is due to maya or illusory impressions
superimposed upon the mind. This is what is being stated by the words
dvanda-mohena or the delusion arising due to dualities such as joy and
sorrow, success and failure, pleasure and pain, etc. When all beings take
birth in their gross physical bodies they acquire an ego sense and fall
prey to infatuation. In situations where the transitory body feels
happiness from sense objects there is attraction and in situations where it
feels unhappiness from sense objects there is aversion. Hence bewildered
and befuddled constantly the embodied being thinks of themselves as the
physical body and never attempts for self-realisation to discover the atma
or immortal soul within themselves. The subsequent reactions from these two
mentalities of attraction and aversion have been accumulated from all an
embodied beings previous lifetimes through the delusion of I am happy
because of this; or I am unhappy because of that. This is why most humans
do not recognise Lord Krishna's supreme position and propitiate Him, they
are consumed by the reactions to their past actions while busily performing
new actions based on the infatuation of attraction and aversion ceaselessly
increasing more and more future reactions.
<p>
