<p><div align=justify><p>
<p>
<p>
<p>
The word jyoti indicates illumination and is identified with the demigod
known as Archi. This is confirmed in the Narada Purana which states: After
reaching Agni the demigod of fire and then Archi the demigod of
illumination and thereafter Ahah the demigod of day etc. It should be
understood that Agni, Archi, Ahah and others are the presiding demigods of
the respective time periods. Otherwise it would not be in accordance with
the Vedic scriptures to say that during the daytime one reaches the bright
waxing time of the month. The Brahma Purana states: Since in essence there
only exists days which also includes nights, how can one situated in
equanimity be said to have achieved the brahman only in the day during the
bright waxing time of the month. So it is clear to the lucid that the
presiding demigods in tandem with their corresponding time periods is the
only logical interpretation in accordance with Vedic scriptures. The Garuda
Purana states: The knowers of spiritual knowledge honor the presiding
demigods of the respective time periods. Along with honouring the demigods
such as Agni the fire god, Archi of illumination, Ahah of the day,  Sukla
of the waxing moon, Satmasah of the suns northern course and others, the
presiding demigods of the Vishu or the passages travelled should also be
honoured. The Brahma Vaivarta Purana states: Honouring the presiding
demigods of the day, the night, the waxing and waning moons, the sun on its
northern and southern course as well as the Vishu; one who has realised the
brahman attains the Supreme Lord.
<p>
